Who dares to move?
bear
Did you bring someone to pass on my owner to want me to die?
Miss Ye, you fucking touch other people's ashes
How dare you touch my boss?
Ghost King Chaoyu, you are at odds
Here I am today
If you dare to touch my boss, I will kill me
Dude, you don't have to come in.
These little people can't get into me
Is that all?
We can't live without coming in
OK?
I was just going to clean up these well-off
But Ye Jiakou
Although you came
It's all your bag
Hahaha, okay, okay.
What a pig and dog with a stupid master
Let my night family go bankrupt
What you said
It seems that I won't let you see the means of the Ye family
Damn it when I'm pinched
Then I'll kill you pig and dog first.
Then play to death you stupid master
Hello, it's me.
Ye Lili informed the leaders of the Haicheng family
Who can bankrupt Dynasty Entertainment?
Then who can get a future
Three-year order
Hey, do you hear me?
There is no need for this lady to do it herself
Your Dynasty Entertainment will soon go bankrupt
This is what happens when you offend me